Speaker 1  0:07  
Michelle, nice to meet you all. I just double check before you know, because you got a flashing light so we just want to make sure so come on in. Um, the best thing to do is to put your bags up here but that's okay. We'll keep them keep the space much more get to know each other

Unknown Speaker  0:40  
do anything, so I'm gonna put the lights on quite helpful. You can hear that really good

Unknown Speaker  1:12  
will get to know each other with a crazy voice

Unknown Speaker  1:23  
thank you so much. I'm just gonna do they all tick the boxes. That's it. Nice to meet you all. My name is Michelle. So I'm here

Speaker 1  1:43  
to the we're arts organisation so we fundamentally lots of amazing people using creativity and

Unknown Speaker  1:55  
an art

Speaker 1  1:57  
all sorts of different art forms just to kind of help with health and well being and to make us feel better, was actually really, really powerful to do that. So what we're gonna be doing this afternoon is very much getting to know you. That's okay finding out about amazing superpowers who you are as people, your likes, your dislikes, that kind of thing. And we're going to do that for a mixture of quite basic sort of drama work and then a little bit of follow up. Oh, so you're up for it. So that can be quite good fun. And, yeah, that's what we'll get through today. We may have an opportunity to create some mini theatre performances, but we'll see how we go go for time. So it'd be really, really helpful for me to get to know your names and recipient around the space, introduce who we are. And then if you know the meaning behind your name, it would be wonderful to hear potentially why you were given that nice. I take it you're related. Yeah. So we're just gonna go around the space. So this shows you how old I am. My name is Michelle. And I was named Michelle to a Beatles song. So there you go. That gives you a little clues when I was born in the good old 70s. So yeah, that's why I was given this name. I won't tell you hold on. Stay you have that information. And that's me so amazing to hear your name, how old you are and if you know the meaning behind your name, fantastic. If you don't make it up. We have freedom in this space. We can do what we want. So yeah, Want to come up with something called a quirky I'm all of that. So look around this

Speaker 2  3:40  
time my name is Aisha I'm 13 years old and I was named

Speaker 1  3:45  
beautiful. That's a lovely backstory fantastic.

Speaker 2  3:50  
When I was 13 my name is Princess but I was named after beautiful

Speaker 2  4:04  
Yeah, I didn't actually know I named that. I just made up my name during the planning so me and my brother we have running names my mom but my dad He's like the auto now

Speaker 2  4:22  
Lena and then my name is language basic blue or power supply.

Speaker 1  4:33  
Fit just shows you how much is in the name isn't all the stories that you can actually create from names. It's quite interesting. 16 Can you come up with a reason

Unknown Speaker  4:49  
was Giles and I have a great grandparents great, great grandparents my great great.

Speaker 1  5:03  
High interest. It's always interesting to know isn't it? How these names kind of get passed down and where they come from. Fantastic and I love that. Yeah, that's a good meaning. When you go. You fall that's beautiful.

Speaker 1  5:28  
is fantastic. Great meetings. Behind your nose. This is a plane itself guys.

Speaker 1  5:45  
is so awesome. Fantastic Angel love that.

Speaker 3  5:50  
My name is Yousef my name, my sister

Speaker 1  6:02  
of that. So already some really interesting information isn't there just just coming out of your name and that's kind of what makes you unique as well. We're going to kind of roll with that theme. Oh sorry.

Unknown Speaker  6:17  
I did have my coat with you

Speaker 4  6:25  
My name is Carrie and I'm the second one have a twin and I was very unexpected. It was only in the last minutes that they realised I was coming in. But my they already had my sister's name picked out. When it came to me they were really unprepared. My dad wanted to Karina and my mom wanted to carry on so they just stopped and I think it means caring and Grace something

Speaker 1  6:56  
fantastic. So what we're going to do, we're quite limited for space, but we can do a few kind of like practical things. If at any point you've been uncomfortable, or you don't want to ask the questions. You have absolute freedom to do that. So don't feel that you have to answer anything to do anything. It's totally your choice this afternoon. Okay. And if you've been uncomfortable at any stage, obviously speak to Sarah or Carrie, and then they can take you out of space but I don't think you'll be fine. So it's just to kind of give you that that sort of heads up. So what do you do? It's a quick name of prequels kind of get into the concept of this game carrier, you're most welcome to join in timeout. So what I might do is just move this chair over there. That's okay. We don't need this one and quite simply, we played this before because at school maybe. Great so you're on apple, banana, orange, apple, banana, orange, apple, banana, orange, okay. Quite simply, if I call out your fruit, you're going to move to a different chair and we want to have missing so be kind to each other. A little bit scrambling for the chair as it were in my shout out fruitful you're all going to move. Does that make sense? Guys? Okay, so fruit Oh, you just eliminated. Oh, that's okay. Apples Okay, so sorry, Yusef might actually give you the instruction. You're allowed to get back into the space at that point. So can we sit back down again we use f6. But so when the on the next meeting as well. All right. Does that make sense? So even if there's one chair missing, whoever stood up they can move as well. Fruit Oh, there we go. Good, good. Good. Orange oranges go free Paul.

Unknown Speaker  9:20  
Oh okay. So you get the idea of the game. So that makes too much

Speaker 1  9:33  
difference. So what is gonna pay again, the sun shines. And what we're gonna do is I'm going to start and then I'm going to pass over to one of you. And it's quite simple. I'm going to say the sun shines on anyone who likes to do tick tock. Okay, if you're one of those tech to hop dancing people, you're going to move on to another space in the circle. I'm going to call out lots of different things and I don't know anything about you. So there might be slight slight generalisations. I'm just going to throw them out there. And what I would like you to do is kind of watch the circle. And I want you to kind of notice where people really move. And when people don't move that much. Does that make sense? So what we're trying to look for is connections, similarities between us, and we're going to do that by watching each other in the space sometimes I do this and then one moves and that's always quite interesting. It's different with every single group that I work with because we will have different interests. Okay. So I'm gonna say the sun shines and anyone that likes to have chicken McDonald's once a week. You are a healthy group. I love that that's making the other day those of you this is what I mean. The sun shines on anyone who loves doing tick tock dances. It's okay, we can do

Speaker 1  11:07  
it I've got about 22 points. No one's interested in tea chocolate. All right. So I like that. So find out more why why are you not interested in in this thing that's taking over my 13 year old daughter's life. Why are you not interested in it? Obviously you are

Unknown Speaker  11:34  
watching it then rather than since your

Speaker 1  11:36  
we change that slightly because actually do those dances every typical actually aren't they're quite tough. Particularly lack of coordination like me, who likes to go on tick tock every single day. The sun shines.

Speaker 1  11:54  
The sun shines on any wall that likes to read books. Yes, great. Also, okay, I would love to know why do you like reading? It's just like, entertainment. I get read bored. I just read. Fantastic and is there anything you particularly like in the kind of genre or

Unknown Speaker  12:15  
I like mystery into a good bit.

Speaker 1  12:20  
What is reading provided? What does it give us? You think you can

Unknown Speaker  12:24  
kind of capture it? Almost like escapism?

Speaker 1  12:26  
Yeah. Wonderful. Yeah. It takes you to a different place. That could be really nice to do that. And I think you know, watching films go to you know, anything like that. It's really a great form of escapism, which can be really, really positive for your health. The sun shines on anyone who likes to hang out in the park. Nobody in the space. That's really really good.

Unknown Speaker  12:49  
What if you do that, then no one else. Do you just stand up?

Speaker 1  12:52  
That's it. You own that you own that pug? Dog? Yeah. Okay, so yeah. So this is quite a majority. This is you know, less of you like going out to the park. So, you said why do you like

Speaker 3  13:08  
it because it's like when you're in your hood, it's just pretty stuffy paradigms. And it also encourages you to just go in bed and do stuff.

Unknown Speaker  13:19  
Fantastic. So you like going out in the fresh air like instead

Speaker 3  13:21  
of just working on your desk, just usually get outside like, really free?

Unknown Speaker  13:30  
It's really interesting to say your question

Unknown Speaker  13:31  
wakes

Speaker 1  13:32  
me up. Yeah, it's quite for us now. I think we noticed that probably do a lockdown as well. You know, the idea of getting out and I think as much as anything, and do you go to a local park or do you go into town or

Unknown Speaker  13:47  
when I get the chance to comment

Speaker 1  13:52  
this out with your friends and family or family? Yeah, awesome. Love that. Okay, so the sun shines. on anyone who plays sport. Good. Evening. Do you like to play sport and what do you play? What's your thing? Oh, gosh, I'm so sorry. I haven't got yet But Abby, what what what what sport do you like to play? Swimming? Fantastic. And what do you like about swimming? Again, getting out the house. So that's amazing. Now William, you haven't moved at all? Not anymore. So I think it would be really helpful if you could take over for me. Or you could suggest something that you're doing and see if you can find any connections in space. All right, well. Cool. Well, I kept you guys in the sunshine.

Unknown Speaker  14:56  
Right? On anyone who likes to play musical instrument.

Speaker 1  15:03  
Right. Fantastic. And well, what do you play

Unknown Speaker  15:06  
a variety of different ones but

Speaker 1  15:08  
my main ones? Not that. I have definite technique. That's amazing. And why do you like playing a musical instrument? What is it about music?

Unknown Speaker  15:19  
So it's the way to skate? Really?

Speaker 1  15:27  
Isn't it again, is that form of escapism, isn't it? And so so I've forgotten your name. And what my What instrument do you play

Speaker 2  15:40  
is impressive? Yeah, I think just like I just think in year three you have to learn to instrument and

Unknown Speaker  15:55  
I want you to use music and

Speaker 2  15:58  
things like that. I think I'll get from your music Wednesday

Speaker 1  16:06  
to music I think is a very universal thing. Yeah, I'm a big fan of music. So let's choose music there as a general thing, because I think we probably can all find some links here. So who buys music, even listening, even playing or being involved in it, you know, a club or something like that a really important part of their life. Sometimes and anyone but music features in that line

Speaker 1  16:37  
Okay, so let's just go around and just we're gonna go around the space and hear how you use music. And yeah, how it helps you in terms of health and well being nothing. Yeah,

Speaker 2  16:49  
I've played clarinet as well. And it's just like, it's just a big part of music is a big thing in my family. I'm like in school orchestra kind of ensembles. So it's just like extracurricular.

Unknown Speaker  17:04  
Fantastic, and well.

Speaker 5  17:08  
Musics a big part of my mom's terms. You didn't pick up music and

Speaker 1  17:19  
yeah, I think when it gets passed with families, it's quite a seminar family actually.

Unknown Speaker  17:30  
I'm 20 Listen to music.

Speaker 3  17:34  
Some rarely on annoying nights and resistance is both me and coming music helps.

Unknown Speaker  17:44  
No Why

Speaker 3  17:44  
is it that my dad wasn't interested? Yeah, my sister really.

Speaker 1  17:54  
So you can use music for relaxation? That's really interesting. Does anyone else use music for relaxation? Or calming? Isn't it quite therapeutic? Fantastic. And you mentioned that you use it to help with sleep at night. So do you struggle a little bit obviously?

Speaker 3  18:08  
Some days? Yes. It depends. When I went to sleep last night or when I woke up in the morning

Speaker 1  18:19  
and what else until you you made music? What was it they do listen or play or?

Speaker 1  18:30  
Calm and that's a game helps with relaxation. To join if you guys meditating here, does anyone use like apps on your phones or anything like that? Because that's obviously another nice way to do it. What last one, the sun shines on anyone who likes to go shopping in town. Yeah. Okay, that's hard. So we're just gonna go around where's your favourite shops and why and how often do you go shopping? Juliet. Julie. Oh gosh. I'm so sorry

Unknown Speaker  19:13  
I was kinda right. I want to go shopping most your favourite hangout. primer because it's the cheapest that comes up a lot and you know, my gosh, that's a lot. That's quite

Speaker 2  19:34  
a lot but I just like exploring the different shops and what's

Speaker 1  19:45  
going on so when you first get into town, you go shopping, is it usually Primark is your first destination where do you go? Okay, okay. Is it is busy in Arizona? Yeah, it's a bit hectic, isn't it? Do you Yeah, no, you're saying actually so good. So shopping there. Who goes into town during the day? Sometimes I'm going to be goes into into town during the day boots. It goes into town during the day. town after hours when it gets to you. Okay, so that's always quite interesting. Not worried about going to turn offs or hours doesn't bother you know, who doesn't someone make a decision over here. You don't go into after hours ones.

Unknown Speaker  20:52  
I think my mom would just get called

Speaker 1  20:58  
very frank. sensible. So that's quite an interesting one that's been coming up and you're happy just to go Neva, Utah doesn't bother you too much. Yeah. Okay. So I think what we're going to do now is get to know you a little bit more and we're going to do some really cool artwork and I've got lots of stickers tonight stickers. Okay, hopefully you all Why don't you just get to know about us a little bit more in your different worlds. Because we all have different worlds that we live in. And I always say that we have ourselves also true selves. If that makes sense. Sometimes we're at home, and it's just you. But then we have different parts of ourselves, don't we when we go into different places, different environments, different situations. It would be really fun just to learn a bit more about you and your different worlds when you look at for all those different worlds now so if you could just go to a table and I will explain. I would like you just to grab a torch as well. When you hit your table or something. You're gonna get the cool new V ones and you're gonna get to find your own table. You've got a table this is a cool you reload

Speaker 1  22:11  
Okay, so you get a table Ah, you also get your own tables. So, if you get money that should be enough tables to go around because you get a piece of paper each to get thrown out.

Unknown Speaker  22:30  
Okay, so what we're gonna do

Unknown Speaker  22:37  
because I thought it was okay

Speaker 1  22:48  
so, I'm just gonna show you just to begin with. Okay, so actually, I probably should have done this. Do this in the board. Okay, Can y'all see here? You will see here. Yeah. Okay, so we're gonna think about different worlds that you live in, and how they support you. Kind of make you feel Do you feel connected disconnected? hobbies, interests, the whole shebang. So if you take your torches on your piece of paper, and it'll do very, very, very, very, very first circle, you're going to create like a little circle. Okay. And in that first little circle, if you just put it into the centre, if they're not working, we'll get your loved ones in the battery. So I've gone down a bit. Okay. So that first circle is going to be your circle. And the minute we're going to title that I'll put the lights on while we're doing the art and then we'll turn the lights on, because everything blows up and it's really cool. So we'll do that at the end. This first circle is you. Okay, so this is you at home. This is at you when you're in your home environment, maybe your bedroom, your immediate space, and within that circle in a minute, we're going to draw that first circle. And what we're going to do is you're going to write in that circle, everything that defines that space for you, and how it makes you feel and using all the stickers if you just use your torches over to the sticker piles, there's loads and loads of infographics here that you can choose from. What we might do is you might have a little walk around other people's circles because you might find other stickers and other people's tables that are more relative to you and you're gonna just basically decorate that first circle, you're going to call it me it's quite straightforward. You're going to write in their hobbies, interests, things that you like to do things that make you happy because that makes sense. Family Friends, pets, guardians, the whole shebang that makes you you Yes. Yeah. So if you can see your little sec, okay, I'm gonna probably go about that big. So we'll just draw it in a second. Okay, guys, and you just kind of decorate that. Then after that, we're going to take out we're gonna go to the next circle. So if you just make that slightly bigger with torches, and we're going to draw that around the first circle, and the next step was going to be called social network. So that's who and where you go to hang out with people. Does that make sense? That could be parks, that could be clubs. It could be part of pier. It could be you know, anywhere that you like to go hang out. It could be the shops. It could be the local fish and chips. So I don't know. Obviously, it's all relative to you. So that's first circle, second circle social network, take your torches, then we're gonna go a little bit bigger. And then that that third circle, it's gonna be education. Okay, so that could be school, college, maybe do online learning home learning. And you're going to talk again about what how that space to find you. Does that make sense? And you just going to use stickers, and you're going to draw, you can use words words are really good, just simple words that really define that space for you. I would like you to think about your emotions and all of these circles. Do they make you feel safe? Does it make you feel unsafe? Does that make you feel happy? Maybe they'll make you feel worried. You know, let's be really, really honest about it. And then you get your torches. There's a very, very last circle, which is really, really big is going to be the wider community and then the wider community we're going to think about the neighbourhood that you live in the wider community could be town, it could be your neighbourhood and how you fit within that and how that makes you felt. Does that make sense guys? So because we're doing the artwork again, we're ever gonna put the lights back on. Okay, so Joy Okay, so I have FYI, is a bit easier to use slightly darker colours when you're doing the circle. These Neons are great, but they're a little bit neon and you know what I mean? They're quite quite good for like drawings and doodles and things like that. So maybe you wanted to use a darker colour from here, just to do that off of the writing. So maybe you could use the neons to do the actual circles and maybe more than kind of specific detail who's like a sort of slightly darker font because otherwise it gets a bit wishy washy. All right, let's draw actually before we draw let's go around to everyone stick a table layout your stickers. I don't want you to go around and you might want to meet someone else's sticker. Because I don't know what stickers represent you. So you may sorry, Sarah may go on to another space. And find another sticker on your table. Okay, so let's just a minute go around the space and do the little sticker collection. Because you might find this other symbols and tables that are much more relevant to you

Speaker 1  28:07  
got my son, Aidan. Together, so yeah, there's some food choices in there I think drink choices, social media choices, clothing choices. Just gather what what represents you so think thinking about that first article

Speaker 1  28:38  
just grab stickers that you like. as well. That's fine. Anything that you're drawn to

Unknown Speaker  28:49  
have noticed

Unknown Speaker  28:50  
I'd be in so much trouble with you and my brother.

Speaker 1  28:55  
Got more hair? Yep. So funny. little pause ticket. So think about that third circle which is you second social network. Third education for the wider community and I've got a few more here. I just saw a duck. You never know. Cat a cat with a mask. That's kind of cool Peppa Pig I bought Starbucks. Definitely mine. Definitely. Awesome. Some all sorts going on here. Red Bull banter. No idea. What to say go. Anything you think that is me? That defines me here torch.

Speaker 6  30:01  
Cheap just grab grab grab one.

Unknown Speaker  30:11  
And that's totally fine as well

Speaker 1  30:19  
what's works okay, just cram as much as you can. In anything is there? Ah, yeah, that's part of me. That's part of my life. That's something and it doesn't have to be too literal. It could just be something that represents something. Does that make sense guys? Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  30:37  
Just go for it

Unknown Speaker  30:48  
as well Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  30:58  
Okay, just grab

Unknown Speaker  31:01  
Yes, this should be

Unknown Speaker  31:13  
awesome

Unknown Speaker  31:22  
know happiness

Unknown Speaker  31:33  
my case I thought he bought a pizza

Speaker 1  32:03  
come on all right I'm sure Che Guevara. So once you've gathered I would like you to grab a pen and just draw that inner circle, that very first circle in the middle of me and within that circle you're just gonna walk words you're gonna write emotions, feelings, likes interests, people use your stickers. Well, I would also like to is this emoji stickers here as well. So it's easier just to use an emoji you could use that to kind of capture how that world feels for you that immediate well, that first world so it could be love face. To face maybe. homies laughter. So you know, in a good way, you know what I mean? So and then make people comfortable. So yeah, just grab the emoji stickers as well. You have freedom with this

Speaker 1  33:14  
so other parts of us who would like who's got a favourite artists? That's appropriate. Abby, go on. What was your favourite Angel? What's your favourite music? Who was the person that really liked music? Angels is your favourite. They just not appropriate federal. Yes. Yeah. Okay. And anyone else? Yeah, the weekend? The weekend. Okay, pretty good. I I don't know the weekend. So yeah, education. So, first things that just do that circle just like we've done over here, right meaning you can lie around the circle while your interests your likes or dislikes, things that lead to find that world for you. Words how it makes you feel I use your stickers, use colours. Use the emoji stickers as well. And we're just gonna learn knows about you and just get a girlfriend you can be really creative with this. Okay, so yeah, just go for it. It was the weekend was enough

Unknown Speaker  34:41  
being Grey

Speaker 1  34:49  
is Parisian Britain All right Lovely. Nice good. Good. Not make right already. I'm learning loads about you just from looking.

Speaker 1  35:14  
Online. Everything, just doodles. It doesn't even have to make sense. It's just what captures us you do good news. Leon's if you wish to just be really creative with that. This pain is not up until up so you feel free to I've got paintbrushes if you need them. Again, don't feel that whatever's on your table. You have to keep you can go around and they stick these stickers. Oh, yeah. Absolutely. Stick the stickers on please. Lovely good. So not only are we gonna learn about that nice circle and your first step kind of home environment. Try and put emotions in there as well. That could even be for the emoji or it could just be pretty words. Do you feel safe at home? Do you feel happy at home to feel comfortable? Just anything that comes into your mind really. There's no set rules of X, Y up to you. I can't get my Spotify to work.

Unknown Speaker  36:23  
Let's try again.

Unknown Speaker  36:25  
The weekend blinding lights I love that one.

Speaker 4  36:36  
This one. I'm always like we did a pop quiz and I got quite a few of them but they were quite 90s related news if anything else

Unknown Speaker  36:48  
this is a very trending or somos

Unknown Speaker  37:02  
very lovely

Unknown Speaker  37:08  
really nice actually to see you what kind of sums you all up really caring I did it first

Unknown Speaker  37:32  
if you want paint brushes, I've got paint brushes to always go

Unknown Speaker  37:47  
if you prefer to use a paintbrush, we've got the squash

Unknown Speaker  37:57  
or whatever right you

Unknown Speaker  38:26  
now my

Unknown Speaker  38:33  
do you cope well with it? Have you been doing it? Do you have to do that day that's why we have to get trained. Oh okay

Speaker 4  38:57  
so do you sometimes think and some other people? People like that. Right? Yeah.

Speaker 1  39:11  
Amazing. Gosh, already. I can just kind of start to learn about you

Unknown Speaker  39:24  
Well, that's really

Unknown Speaker  39:37  
it will use the German bands for that

Unknown Speaker  40:00  
do you learn to cook sometimes?

Speaker 1  40:04  
Oreos good big fan of Oreos. Okay. Nice. Okay, so something a little bit of just like who is going to be social network so you're gonna go around that circle

Unknown Speaker  40:35  
in person online so your next circle around me and that's social network do you

Unknown Speaker  40:51  
weigh sometimes it's quite an expectation

Speaker 1  41:06  
Okay, social network is where you go to hang out. Maybe it's online, maybe it's in person. It could be class. It could be the local Chicky we are and that could be get just to talk about that. What you do in those places, and most importantly, how it makes you feel actually as much as anything.

Unknown Speaker  41:43  
Ready Okay, so let's go to the next slide

Unknown Speaker  42:04  
definitely

Unknown Speaker  42:15  
am I gonna see all the chicks Oh, I didn't see this get to watch your favourites at all. Definitely, they should just do a bag of red bar

Unknown Speaker  42:31  
Yeah, yeah good

Unknown Speaker  42:40  
things are the same. It's just the electrics. Yeah, I thought you're saying my friend.

Unknown Speaker  42:49  
I'm gonna eat them blindfolded

Unknown Speaker  42:51  
Primark. I've got a t shirt that on at the moment

Unknown Speaker  43:00  
that artists can't remember if you watch it on reruns of friends, there's no depressing thought the cafe and

Speaker 1  43:18  
he's on T shirts. So you'll do Primark? Was that what we're doing Yeah, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  43:28  
we just happen to fall Yeah.

Speaker 1  43:33  
So socially, like what? Just what you do in that social network? Where do you go? Where do you hang out? Who are you with? What kind of activities do you do? Um, I suppose that they have makes you feel to try and put lots of words and if you can work, you'd be really awesome. They'd be really really, really helpful as well. So yeah, lots of words in if you can, that'd be amazing. Okay. You from Poland. Do you go back there often?

Unknown Speaker  44:09  
He's still got lots of family.

Speaker 3  44:22  
He got lots of friends and stuff at school, you may

Speaker 1  44:28  
as well be integrated with religion as well. That's really important if you go to church, that will be somewhere that's part of your social network.

Unknown Speaker  45:01  
is okay.

Speaker 6  45:20  
Night so cube got lots of writing going on here.gov

Unknown Speaker  46:02  
She's over there as well. Next circle for you. That'd be helpful. Yes, I shouldn't be.

Speaker 4  46:17  
This picture all the stickers

Unknown Speaker  46:28  
are definitely

Unknown Speaker  46:41  
chill is a very cool

Speaker 1  46:49  
thing. Social Network. Yeah. Who's within that? Well, does that make sense? And where do you go to be sociable? And who do you interact with? You know, I see some of your social media. It may be in an online capacity. We'd like to learn about that as well. That'd be really interesting

Speaker 1  47:16  
Do you have any emotions feelings

Speaker 1  47:26  
just to say guys, very positive things so you know, maybe you don't feel safe or don't feel comfortable? Do let us know that as well because that will be quite interesting. Also to know so yeah, just the whole scale of your life really, isn't it? All those different layers? Okay. Once you've done so sure. We're going to go to education okay. So, yeah, what education I suppose means to us person, your wives about education. If it plays an important part of your life the value of that really Oh, wow.

Unknown Speaker  48:25  
We need to dollar in tables.

Unknown Speaker  48:34  
Okay, good. I'm gonna get to the trunk

Speaker 1  48:48  
Yes. You're sorry. I'm also need your night. So different as well. They roadblocks mountains. We'll have a good chat about all the things in a second.

Unknown Speaker  49:03  
Anyone else play Roblox here I know all about Roblox. No, nice. Okay, good. And I'm gonna get an education now. This is very, very lovely.

Speaker 1  49:21  
So it's really cool. It's amazing. Good education and might not be it could be a syllabus. To most people she might have to do a bit of drawing you might have to kind of capture that really nice

Unknown Speaker  50:06  
movie.

Unknown Speaker  50:30  
Be in a school like Jesus

Unknown Speaker  50:46  
special thank you.

Speaker 1  51:02  
Feel it would be a circle to put the hospital on there as well. I think that'd be important. And you know how that feature is part of your life. as well. That would be really, really good just to kind of understand that as well.

Unknown Speaker  51:34  
We must disappear all right. Nice guys.

Speaker 1  51:59  
I'm really excited to stop chatting about all you're really cool. I don't think this shade

Unknown Speaker  52:19  
Hi. I'm reviewing that one. Fair enough. But my daughter she says it's really cool. It's quite interesting. So

Unknown Speaker  52:47  
do you want that to go Oh yeah, you know economy

Unknown Speaker  53:01  
you can space where

Speaker 4  53:02  
do you and your friends are hanging out? You all come from different schools quite hard to find. Neutral grammar to

Unknown Speaker  53:11  
modern history

Unknown Speaker  53:23  
yeah

Speaker 1  53:26  
yeah, I understand. It's not the kind of view but you like this. I think you get to debate last week as well don't you and really enjoys it. Yeah, yeah. Which is really, really important. Particularly. Yeah. Well, so yeah, really? Fantastic. But yeah, we get that. Okay, and then the last one is that wider circle? Is that neighbourhood cutie community that you're in? And if do you feel part of that community, or maybe less part of it? Some of you may feel connected to communities. Some of you may not. And if you know that, there's no right or wrong with that. It'd be really interesting to see how you relate to.

Speaker 1  54:31  
Good, big mouths are calling and we're gonna go around and we're gonna light it up. So if you want to go extra neon, there's lots of located around that will do a little bit of a sparkle a little bit of a lighter. Okay, good. So yeah. So think about the wider community for that last one. How do you fit in with that community, your neighbourhood, are you part of it? Not part of it. That kind of thing?

Unknown Speaker  55:15  
wasn't gonna write that

Unknown Speaker  55:22  
already, for

Speaker 7  55:30  
you placing someone I've never say we'll come into on the right

Unknown Speaker  55:48  
go all right. Yeah.

Speaker 1  55:55  
Why would you worry so mild. Okay.

Speaker 7  56:02  
That's it.

Speaker 1  56:10  
I can get him out of the two minutes. Don't worry about what you're putting down. This is your opportunity just to get it out. Actually. This is very private. Lovely. Nice aspirations here going on which is beautiful. Love it, love it. Love it. Okay, so that wider community do you feel connected to that part of the wider community? Do you feel safe in it? Is it somewhere that you feel that you want to learn more about or whatever your vision is

Unknown Speaker  56:57  
now great day

Speaker 1  57:25  
okay, it's about 11 minutes to finish up. Now we're gonna go around and we're gonna do some follow up. So you want to go actually neon Yeah, get the neon on their work.

Unknown Speaker  57:38  
There's a packet

Unknown Speaker  57:43  
wave after brushes oh

Unknown Speaker  57:54  
gosh, there's so much got so much to talk about. Really interesting. Oh, don't worry too much. You don't want you just enjoy

Unknown Speaker  58:10  
just yesterday didn't

Unknown Speaker  58:15  
I love my sister when

Unknown Speaker  58:23  
I was surprised that your behaviour

Speaker 1  58:30  
is about me. Yeah. Okay, so, okay, we'll just wrap up

Speaker 1  58:42  
and then we're all gonna grab our torches. We're gonna go on a little tour in the dark

Speaker 1  59:00  
Okay, so we're gonna start up your torches guys try not to trip over because we're gonna move on to Julia's table just to begin with, which is why the skeleton should be easy to find. Okay, and we're all gonna grab our torches. Okay, so here we are

Speaker 1  59:24  
okay, so if you're all bad at auction, you've got a nice shiny v one around somewhere which I believe are one of the Okay, I'll use that. Alright, so here we are. This is Julia's world and we're going to learn a little bit more about it. And Julia, that's okay. You're going to take this on at all that all right. So Julia in the middle, tell us about everything that you've chosen here and why you chosen it.

Speaker 2  59:57  
Because it's my happy to do at home so chill watch this. I want to take some time with family and talk to my friends by mentors to fashion brands. I like to

Unknown Speaker  1:00:17  
that's fair enough.

Speaker 3  1:00:19  
And onto your social to social media.

Speaker 2  1:00:24  
That's why like I get entertained. I listen to music as a form of escapism. Like when you have a bad day just listen to music. It helps you and I'm Christian. My Religion makes me feel at peace. I hang out with my friends sometimes. Three times a month. My family is I feel connection to them. And obviously relationships

Speaker 2  1:01:00  
in the education plus school, a lot of stress anxiety and vision. Friends, school make it better. Subjects like English history in RV soldiers, maths and science and why the community I'm not really connected to money.

Speaker 1  1:01:23  
And that's really interesting. So we can see some really interesting stuff here about Julia really really insightful. I really quite building up a picture. You know, can you on all your amazing things that you like to do and some really wonderful stuff in there. So interesting the wider community Why don't you feel connected to it? Do you think

Speaker 2  1:01:49  
I'm not really from this country. My friends don't even know how to speak English fluently, so we don't really talk with our neighbours. Okay. And I moved house in sambar. So I don't really know my name is Eva interesting. So is English a second language then? Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:02:08  
And do you tend to speak in your first language a little bit more than your second attempt to speak? Yeah, yeah. Okay. So sometimes you think that language can be a bit of a barrier basically. That's really, really interesting. Does anyone else experienced that in that neighbourhood? Yeah, okay, cool. What I love here is that you are definitely into fashion music. See we've got social media has come up but actually there was in it is that quite an important part of you? Yeah, and how often so I'm not sort of, there's no right or wrong, but how often do you go on to social media do you think how many hours a day? I'd say about six, six hours a day. That's pretty good to be honest. Okay, good. Thank you. Yeah, that's really really good. That's just a quick yes. Do

Speaker 7  1:03:04  
you connect through your social media with friends and family and Poland? Yeah, yeah. So yeah. So if we maybe thought about your wider community as well? Does that extend out through social media? To just dot local neighbourhood? It's a word

Speaker 1  1:03:28  
that's really important to social media is a bit of a lifeline really, actually, isn't it in terms of being able to connect so that's really, really, really interesting. Thank you so much. That was wonderful. All right, who else is happy to share Okay, yay. Awesome is where you are today.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:10  
I'm excited to hear about you single line lots of things to

Unknown Speaker  1:04:21  
say which is music, you can speak to me

Speaker 2  1:04:34  
because I feel like it's an important part of everyone's life. Now. This This reminds me of a TV show I watched so just put that there and then outside do you say after maybe Megan because and like I have the main thing. So yeah. I don't really own anything to remind you of skating

Unknown Speaker  1:05:07  
one bit more about that in a minute. But bigger

Speaker 2  1:05:11  
business just because it's a show. I've never bought anything from a device. That is any. Yeah. Education Yeah. So I deal with scientists. I actually forgot that. But it's nice. It's just bases. Oh my gosh. This is I didn't actually watch NBA sporting stuff. But before that COVID Because I had back surgery. I used to swim. And now I can't swim anymore. So I just like swimming friends. This I never drink but I really loved and they spoke to this lady's

Speaker 1  1:06:11  
Very good. Thank you so I can I'm quite drawn to what you said here. And here. So tick tock. Yeah. How do we be able to um, I delete my tic tock. What is it? What's the draw? Which is going to be

Speaker 2  1:06:26  
TV shows and like it's always the issue and my attention span is like 20 seconds long. Like, and then I can't watch long videos now, which is a bit in my interest. I think he's just like addicted because you endlessly scroll. But I feel like most people know her kids and they even have an addiction. Don't use

Speaker 1  1:06:56  
music design. Does anyone else is anyone else to scroll their hair? Okay, well, I'm gonna scroll ahead up here because this was not well done. So scrolling, why do this is a very cultural thing is it's a very new thing. How does it make you feel nice when you're scrolling? or whatever to look to that? Or I do this and I'm gonna be really honest with you. There's no one going into social media. Sometimes when they're being sad. Sometimes when they want to cheer themselves up. Or sometimes even when they're happy. Does anyone ever use it? In an emotional way? Is anyone ever kind of goes to their phones because they maybe don't want to deal with something or something emotional is happening, or they're looking for the answers. I quite often if I'm not worried or sort of confused or somehow something cool. Can't find the answers. I sometimes just go to my phone thinking that I can find the answers there more than often I can't, because everyone agree with that. Does anyone feel that? There's quite a few nods. Do you mind sharing?

Unknown Speaker  1:07:59  
We're in the dark is that like would you mind sharing what you do? That is? Interesting. Yeah. Interesting. Then I'll go on to see what other people are doing.

Speaker 1  1:08:17  
Yes. So phones phones are a massive part of all our lives. And you said hey, Wi Fi is the most important thing at home. Really interested to know.

Speaker 2  1:08:30  
My mom gets into Wi Fi too much. And in where am I coming from? They get caught up on five pages because they live in Asia. And it's like the country is not in a good situation right now. That workplace stilted sport you can't go to YouTube. You can't do any social media. So it's very possible. Yeah. This is like this is that and whenever I can, so I didn't know what to do with my life. Like on Wi Fi all the time. Yeah. So I just I just finished that. I didn't really do much because I don't YouTube. Okay. Entertain entertaining you get to do what the interviews people do already funny.

Speaker 1  1:09:27  
So these are all very interconnected technology, YouTube, Wi Fi or quite an important part of you. If you can't get Wi Fi somewhere has a big fail noise just out emotions. How does it make you feel you can't get why weird interested in anyone else? How does it make you feel? Who's performative? They can't get Wi Fi who's very zen peaceful and why is that? Why is it helpful for you?

Speaker 2  1:09:54  
I don't really used social media. But the only reason why I'd be worried about Wi Fi would be like, messaging my mom or something. Yeah, like in an emergency. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. I don't think it's not important.

Speaker 1  1:10:05  
Yeah. Gosh, that's and we'll start it's amazing. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:12  
I used social media quite a lot, but

Speaker 1  1:10:16  
yeah. Okay, cool. I probably got time for what I can't actually see at the time. There's one more let's go to Yes. Then you just want

Speaker 1  1:10:35  
yeah, guys. It's fine, don't worry. Thank you. So let's start with you.

Speaker 2  1:10:48  
So, my religion is Islam. And I really really like music. So because I play the piano. And it's like, I did get a guitar for like two years but because it really wasn't for me, because I think a piano is just like for certain types of music was played at calming and like really, like aggressive is just like the so much stuff. And then I'm a drama student. So I really love acting and public speaking. Because I've been in these you speak competitions, and we weren't really far with that. So I won't be doing for nationals in like two weeks. No. It's just like, I'm really passionate

Unknown Speaker  1:11:31  
about Yeah.

Speaker 2  1:11:34  
Okay. So I'm also quite a bit saucy, so a hockey and then for like, well this is only for like, a couple of weeks. I did diving with my brother. Wow. Okay, that sounds cool. I really did enjoy it. It was I'm sure he can say that. Yeah, and then I do taekwondo and

Unknown Speaker  1:11:54  
netball. Yeah, amazing. Yeah. And then

Speaker 2  1:12:00  
I usually say my friends like town or go bowling. Yes. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I do some mustard sometimes. I know that my brother frequency like a lot more than me, which is actually really good. And for school thing isn't really nice to me but my testicles maths drama. Yeah, it speaks because that basically takes up all my lunch and returns Yeah. Oh, wow. And I just absolutely hate knowing teachers. So

Speaker 1  1:12:36  
we have that over here somewhere as well. There was another annoying religion does anyone else put religion on their on their maps? And yeah, it would be really interesting. Is religion a huge part of your life and if so, how and why would you mind sharing

Unknown Speaker  1:12:55  
my one thing to say what's better?

Unknown Speaker  1:12:58  
Oh, yeah. Particular I love my brother.

Speaker 2  1:13:03  
I love my throne. Amazing.

Speaker 1  1:13:11  
My religion is really important to know why that's your inner circle. Yeah,

Speaker 2  1:13:15  
it's just that like we have we pray five times a day. I'm just like, religion. It kind of keeps like my like organisation. So I know if I want to like do my homework. I do it between this prayer and this prayer. And if I don't pray then I don't know how I'd like manage life basically because like, I just I scheduled everything in between that

Speaker 1  1:13:35  
sounds amazing. Fantastic. Thank you so much for sharing, right? What I would like to do is go to your maps and you are going to choose one thing on your map. I see Listen, that is really positive for your health. And then one thing on your map that is less positive for your health. Okay, I'm gonna go quickly, and then we're gonna go around the space and we're going to share those. So you're gonna choose one thing that's really amazing for your health and well being and that keeps you feeling motivated as you just generously share their vision. And then one thing you say, is so good to my house, you know, maybe one too many cokes or you know, whatever it may be, and we're gonna find out and I'm gonna go around to everybody. I'm sorry I'm not brilliant with names and I will try and remember everyone's names. So let's start let's just choose one thing. It's really, really awesome. Actually, maybe isn't less so something like 70 needs to change but maybe just something you think oh, actually, I could potentially change that a little bit. Hey, also. Okay, so um, come on to each of you and you're just going to share if that's okay. Right, because we start with Well, there's a good chat with Sarah here so well, what's one thing that's really good for your health? It's winning your circles. go on walks with my girlfriend. All right, good. She liked me now nature, don't you by yourself. Is there anything on there that's perhaps less good for your health,

Unknown Speaker  1:15:26  
as we say, taking risks to consider my way forward

Speaker 1  1:15:36  
maybe taking risks with friendships that kind of thing and actually hasn't worked out was I shoot those wish. But that's because you trust and that's a really good thing. Like never, never don't trust people until they show you otherwise. So thank you. Well, that's really really really great. Angel Shanley's one thing it's really good for your help and your maps too, but I was gonna read water, water I drink lots of water. It's really, really cool. It's really good day. I know you think that's not so good for my health? Maybe if I really think about it. McDonald's McDonald's. Yeah, I mean, who doesn't like a cheeky on? How many times a week that's good. So you're not that bad. And why is that just sort of junk food, fast food, that kind of thing? Yeah. Does anyone else have any kind of like naughty eating habits actually, and they think or could just change it a little bit. Maybe mix it up. Does anyone on their mats to be over here or no? I can't I can't see anything. Okay. I have a one really positive thing that you do. That's good for your health. Swimming. Yes. You mentioned that earlier, didn't you? Is there anything on there? You think it's less good for your health? Maybe it's not not so sorry. Fast food. Okay. How often a week you go swimming? And is that like, junk food? That kind of thing? Yeah. Hey, finds junk food an easy option sometimes cool. I'm gonna be totally honest. Yeah. easy and cheap as well, isn't it? I think it's just part of our culture. It's quick and fast. Bob, I'm I'm so sorry. I don't remember one's name. was a really positive thing. Your help. Yeah. Like being active. Yeah. Okay, is there anything on your map that you think is less positive for your help?

Speaker 8  1:18:01  
I guess revising cookie because sometimes our advice too much to the point where it gets really stressful. Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:18:09  
Yeah, that's a valid EU tenure webinar. You at the moment Yeah. Okay. Oh, wow. Gosh, you're very good. Yes. So I think everything in moderation, guys. He's a bit of a general thing, isn't it? Yeah. As much as it's great to study giving yourself that balance time giving yourself that rest time to go out and so on as well. Okay, good. And would you mind sharing one positive thing for your help?

Unknown Speaker  1:18:36  
Islam because like when I'm praying like I can relax.

Speaker 1  1:18:41  
That's amazing. Gosh, that's so lovely and so peaceful for you. And anything that's perhaps less good for your health?

Unknown Speaker  1:18:48  
Why that's like sweets and chocolate sweets and chocolates.

Speaker 1  1:18:51  
That's fine. Good. Okay. So I think we're coming to the end of the session now. So I'm going to put the lights up quickly. And take us out of this UV release. Company

Speaker 1  1:19:15  
it just wants to come over here quickly just to round off that wonderful.

Unknown Speaker  1:19:26  
So I just wanted to say thank you so much

Unknown Speaker  1:19:36  
it would be lovely.

Speaker 1  1:19:47  
Thank you so much. I hope you enjoyed that. It was really lovely learning more about you. Really interesting actually to learn about all your different worlds and you're also incredibly different, which is really, really fab. I'm afraid we have to hold on to the so if you wanted to take a picture of your work, you know, we wanted to feel free to have a cheat is that okay? If you wanted to take a picture, then feel free to do that. Obviously everything here will remain completely confidential but and if you want to take some stickers with you, that's you're absolutely welcome to do that. If you wanted to decorate things like that.

Unknown Speaker  1:20:25  
Really went into

Speaker 1  1:20:28  
decorating everything. Welcome. Anything you wish your family

Speaker 1  1:20:41  
thank you so much. Really lovely to meet you all as well. So on that car.

Unknown Speaker  1:20:45  
Good to know that we're getting gifts. Yeah.

Speaker 9  1:20:50  
We've got some amazon gift vouchers for you. So you just need to put your name I just your signature. You can write your name again. I don't have a signature yet. And then I can give you advice on your culture or your obviously thank you so much for all your hard work

Speaker 7  1:21:14  
I think guys, if you would if I send you out your certificate for the producer to challenge by email, would you go through the motions at home would you want them in his house? Everybody on the phone? Yeah okay.

Unknown Speaker  1:21:45  
Call this make a mistake. Not long now is that that's it do you actually permanent school

Unknown Speaker  1:22:15  
you don't get these

Unknown Speaker  1:22:23  
vouchers

Unknown Speaker  1:22:33  
oh yeah we wonderful system give me

Unknown Speaker  1:22:46  
can you put your name? Yeah. It was something nice and

Unknown Speaker  1:23:05  
then hold it

Unknown Speaker  1:23:15  
your budget I will walk you through the tutorial picked up my parents Turkey and everything else to say about silence

Unknown Speaker  1:23:30  
do you get some stickers guys Yeah. So picture yeah. Thank you.

Unknown Speaker  1:23:44  
The pictures of your work great. Want to change the most welcome?

Unknown Speaker  1:24:21  
Set

Unknown Speaker  1:24:37  
up

Unknown Speaker  1:24:52  
yeah

Unknown Speaker  1:24:59  
I'm so sorry. I left something Oh okay.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
